label,	image_url,	 text
2,/images/severe-1.jpg, ['Did something really hard ... : \nBeen struggling mentally for a really long time. I wrote my suicide note and was about to do it before being stopped by my boyfriend and family. A lot of it was linked to being in a super hard professional program and being essentially bullied by adults (my peers in my program). I live about 5 hours from home and ended up going back home for weeks in order to get help.\nI’m going to a therapist twice a week now to manage my PTSD and I had to come back for one day in order to do a presentation and go back. It’s been really hard being in my apartment where I had a severe bug infestation for almost a year. I’m feeling really nervous but, I’m here. I think it means something that I came here despite how I was feeling. I think it’s a step in the right direction.']
1,/images/moderate-1.jpg, ['Talking Doesnt Help : Im not being funny but why is everyone the same when it comes to mental health? Everyone says talking helps, no it doesnt for those people who are very depressed such as some of u guys/gals and myself. Why cant somebody be different and say actually it works for some people but not everyone and suggest something else. I think that people who have depression really understand and dont suggest the same old solution as everyone else. If talking helps, why doesnt therapy help for most? It certainly hasnt for me :(']
1,/images/moderate-2.jpg, ["If I had a gun ... : I'd probably kill myself. And I'm not sure why. Life sucks right now, but it's not entirely hopeless. Is it the depression?"]
0,/images/not-1.jpg, ['I really don’t know what to do. : It’s been a constant struggle with my dad and it’s just been getting worse in the past 2 years. We had to go to court because I haven’t went to school once this year nor talked to any of the staff. I drove away all my friends by ignoring them, I haven’t brushed my teeth they are starting to hurt, I don’t even take a shower once a month, I don’t go outside unless it’s to take my dog out, I have the worst anger issues, social anxiety, and depression I’ve ever had and it’s only getting worse.\nI keep telling myself it’s gunna get better but I’m not sure how long I can wait. I was gunna tell the real truth into why I really stopped going to school but I made myself believe it was because of the school either because I have such a dependency with my phone because it’s the only thing I look forward to. I have the worst diet because I don’t eat anything home cooked because I have some MAJOR ass trust issues.\nI haven’t really had a suicidal thought in awhile because I would tell myself I have a future no matter how long I have to wait, but now I’m really thinking about how long my recovery process will be from all the trama I’ve been in. Every time I argue with my dad he just kinda ignores me if I don’t say anything. I have to say something for him to say anything unless he’s talking about some joke he said that was sooo funny.\nI go to Reddit looking for answers but again I don’t use them at all because I’m not that easy. I’m so mentally fucked up you nobody can help me. I most likely won’t kill myself but I’m definitely going back to cutting tonight. And if I don’t cut I’ll have a stronger urge to kill myself so don’t fucking tell me to do otherwise. \nI literally just throw my garbage and have been doing this for the past year on the ground. So this house is filthy, my teeth are probably fucked, I won’t ever go back with my mom even though she’s a better parent. I have no emotion unless it’s for myself or when I’m watching a movie. The only reason I didn’t “fuck over my dad” is because I’m so goddamn dependent on my phone because it’s the only thing that brings me any sense of joy. \nI tried fixing my dad for the past 2 years but he is manipulative, he is abusive, he is in denial. He pushes things off like it’s nothing when I’m crying out for help to him. The deals I made with my dad not to fuck him over were simple yet he hasn’t followed through on any of them. I’m pretty sure I have heart disease and I’m only 16. I want a life but I’m never gunna get it. I just can’t bring myself to do anything. Not even with all the support I get from Redditors. All of my dads friends support my dad. If we went to family therapy it would just turn into a argument because my dad doesn’t wanna look like a bad dad because he actually believes he’s not. When I was 12 I tried to kill myself and I thought I survived because I was meant too. But that was a just a failed attempt. So I didn’t tell anyone. Then my brother tried to kill himself like a year and a half ago in the middle of the day. My dad drove my brother to suicide(he’s still alive) and he joked about it. \nI just want it all to end, I’m in pain both physically but mostly mentally. I’m way too self conscious to do anything. My dad just can’t even talk to me about fixing our relationship. He doesn’t even try. I know he just wants to get rid of me and I think I should do just that. Maybe it would show him to be a better person. But then again he would probably just joke about it. I don’t wanna kill myself but that’s what’s he’s driving me to do I don’t wanna give him that satisfaction but I’m trying my hardest here. I have almost zero goddamn free will.\nI’m literally tearing up rn and my dad doesn’t even notice even tho he’s like 7 feet away when I’m writing this. Or he does and he just doesn’t care. I just want to get a job save up and get the fuck out of here but I can’t. I can’t do it, I just fucking can’t. My phone is the only thing I have, it’s the only thing I care about and I don’t wanna mess that up by ending up in foster care. \nI just don’t know what to do and I don’t really know what the fuck you guys are gunna do to help me because you can’t I guess I’m just writing this to tell someone. I mean I live in Hawaii. Everyone is so fucking horrible here. I mean the last person I actually trusted took my weed and turn it into the cops didn’t even tell me then ignored me for 2 months and got mad at me when I told him how I felt. He was the only person I had left and he broke his main rule. He was my favorite person in the entire world the only person I thought I could trust. Everyone is so fucking fucked up here. Everyone’s either a psycho, something mentally wrong with them, something fucked up going on In their life, addicted to drugs, sex addicts, sociopath, overly nice, and some like normal people but mostly those other things I said.\nOk I’m done being a cunt I’m going to got cut myself to make me feel better(haven’t done so In like 2-3 years but thanks dad you have yourself to blame)then not reply to any comments I get unless I do but I already know I’m not gunna kill myself so don’t worry unless you don’t like most people because most people are fucked up people and don’t have any sympathy or empathy and are selfish as fuck. Basically like me because I’m so emotionally desensitized when it comes to other people. Kinda like how 3 people died in my family and I really didn’t care if I’m being honest especially my grandpa because he was a complete psychopath like he pointed a gun at my face once and my dad wonders why I hate him so much. I wish he was buried so I can keep my promise on pissing on his grave. You know at this moment in my life I don’t think I would cry even if my mom or little brother died. That’s how fucked up I am now. I used to cry thinking about my family dying but now I really only care about myself and how I feel. When I get the perfect chance I’m making sure my dad goes to prison because that’s what he deserves. Trust me abuse isn’t the only thing he’ll be going to prison for.']
0,/images/not-2.jpg, ["Waking up is so hard now : Since leaving college I have had trouble getting up and am sleeping like 10 hrs a day now. It's so hard to get up. Just to snooze the alarm 3 times then actually get up at any normal time. Like waking up to a bad dream, over and over since dropping out. The day gets a bit better but it's NEVER fun waking up early, at all. Really sick of it. When you have little to look forward to its so hard."]
1,/images/moderate-3.jpg, ["I dont wanna die but I hate myself : I'm so drunk. I hate myself even tho I have everything going for me on the surface and people would kill to be in my shoes.....that only makes me hate myself more because I know I should be grateful and I'm not.....that is all"]
1,/images/moderate-4.jpg, ['Physical performance : Does depression affect physical performance (strength,cardiovascular health) ?']
0,/images/not-3.jpg, ['Just started school and life is a mess : I\'ve been diagnosed with severe clinical depression since last year. I was homeschooled but now I\'m in a local highschool because they offer a lot of great classes. Just got a gf and everything\'s good. At least it seemed...\nI\'m always alone. I try to hang out with people but they always let me down. Even my "friends". \nMy gf and I had an argument and she\'s mad at me for whatever reason.\nIrony is: Even if you escape death, death comes back to you one way or another \nBeen considering s word but I\'m a weak dude so I\'ll prolly won\'t do it\n(sorry if that\'s sad btw)']
1,/images/moderate-5.jpg, ["Why is it so overwhelming? : Oh my god, I didn't know being hopeless but trying to find hope is so fucking scary, I don't want to die, but I can't fucking deal with it anymore. I can't find any reason to fucking live anymore, I've deleted social media, told everyone I love them. Now I just carry out the plan I've been thinking about for the past hour. Please, I can't find help within myself, I might just fuck it and do it. I'm tired of it, the stress is so overwhelming, even if I live, I'll feel more embarrassed and ashamed, that I'll never talk to anyone again, so what's the fucking point, I can't anymore. I've been through enough hell, I can't handle it anymore. \nPlease. I don't know what to do anymore, if I don't know what to do, I'm edge more to suicide."]
0,/images/not-4.jpg, ["Everyone reading this is so strong  red_heart  : My depression often makes me feel weak. Weaker than everyone around me. Weak because I cant handle basic tasks like chores and going to work everyday and maintaining relationships like everyone else. Especially not while putting on a smile and making it seem like its no big deal. I feel like I just wasn't cut out for this life.\nProbably many of you can relate. Anyway trying to counteract my negative thoughts a little and maybe, hopefully help someone else to do the same. \nIf you really think about it we are not weak, we are super strong. We're strong because even though many of us can't do some of the most basic things like get out of bed everyday, or brush our teeth, we still keep on going. We struggle, we suffer, and as much as we want to stop we don't. \nSome of us have our reasons to keep our feelings to ourselves even though we are about to burst. Some of us tell as many people as will listen. I think both take enormous strength. No matter who you are or what you're going through, you are doing your best and I'm proud of you  red_heart "]
0,/images/not-5.jpg, ['Fuck this : [removed]']
0,/images/not-6.jpg, ['Has anyone tried Cymbalta? : [removed]']
1,/images/moderate-6.jpg, ['I’ve come to sort of accept my suicidal thoughts. :      Suicide to me just now feels like a friend that I can turn to if things ever get really bad. I’ve kinda just accepted the fact that one day I’ll probably kill myself, and that doesn’t particularly bother me anymore. I’m not gonna do it any time soon but some day in the future it might be a possibility.']
0,/images/not-7.jpg, ['I don’t know what I’m feeling or thinking anymore : (22F)!I just don’t know what I’m feeling or thinking anymore. My brain doesn’t shut up, and it makes me feel horrible. I’m trying to go to counseling, but I feel like my counselor doesn’t understand me or takes my issues seriously. I used to do so great in college. I was full of motivation, I  would go the extra mile, and my GPA is currently 3.9 with honors, but I feel like this semester everything is going to crash. I don’t know if it’s because my parents are divorcing, and things are kind of messy, but I can’t focus or work at the same level I used to, and I hate it. Beyond autism, I’m not diagnosed with anything, but I think there are other things wrong with me.']
0,/images/not-8.jpg, ['Oh, so NOW you get it? : Just kind of a morbidly funny story. \nGot bullied a lot by this kid in high school who used to make fun of me for experiencing depression. Fast forward to 10 years post-graduation, he added me on Facebook. I figured, whatever, I\'m not one to hold a grudge. \nHe just posted something to the effect of "I\'m so glad I started getting help for my depression."\nI\'m happy that he\'s getting help, I think that\'s great, but it\'s like "yo, where was that attitude ten years ago?"']
1,/images/moderate-7.jpg, ['Therapists?!? : Is it just me, or do therapists not really help you through things? The "solutions" she gives is "Go for a walk." "Do the opposite of what makes you feel sad and depressed." \nThanks. I could have come up with that... If I felt like those would work, I\'m sure everything would be just fine and dandy. As for a solution or any sort of actual help, it\'s null and void. It\'s not working, I still feel the same day after day. Week after week. Nothing\'s changed. It\'s always the same result. I just end up talking about something random and wait for the time to pass. Cause it ends up being the same as when I walked in the place. What\'s the point? Honestly, if it wasn\'t court sanctioned, I wouldn\'t even go. It supposed to help. It\'s supposed to help you overcome the unfortunate depression.  Or at least maybe start to. She said "It\'s supposed to make you open up so you can work through the problems and issues." \nSo, am I supposed to be my own therapist?? I\'m supposed to work through my own problems? \nWhat is the point of therapy and therapists if you\'re supposed to work out your own problems?\nYou went through years of schooling for me to get over my issues myself? \nThis just makes me more depressed.']
1,/images/moderate-8.jpg, ['I am only postponing my suicide because scarlxrd has dropped a new album. : Its a really good album, one of his best.\nJust kinda sad that the only thing keeping me alive is an album from a trap metal artist, but oh well.']
2,/images/severe-2.jpg, ["Is there a medication that let's you enjoy things? : Viibryd just cut off all my negative emotions. I spent all day getting things done and I went to sleep as soon as I finished. \nThe problem was that it made me reckless. I didn't care about anything and I couldn't feel fear or anxiety so I would walk into traffic and run red lights and stop signs without a second thought. I still wanted to die so it wasn't a big deal until I nearly totalled my car. I couldn't afford the repairs so my parents had to pay for it.\nNext I tried mirtazapine, but it did absolutely nothing. Has anyone found a medication that let them enjoy things instead suppressing their emotions?"]
1,/images/moderate-9.jpg, ['I might be homeless soon and I couldn’t care less. : I think I’ve finally hit the point where I just don’t care anymore. I’m just so tired, and even if I’m not homeless soon I will be at some point so why not now. I have no friends, no family, a shitty part time job I hate, no skills or degree. No matter what I do nothing changes, I am destined for it so why fight it anymore. I was meant to die penniless in a gutter. I feel sorry for whoever had to deal with my body though, maybe I’ll just find a nice forest to go lay down in and die there. At least the environment can reclaim my useless body. Kind of a bummer that my parents had me, they could have had a doctor or something equally as good but nope. Just me, damn I was bringing people down before I was even born.']
1,/images/moderate-10.jpg, ['Time machine needed. Please help me find a time machine to help my life. I need help srsly. Any physics majors. I need help thanks : ']
0,/images/not-9.jpg, ['Good talk from TED : [removed]']
2,/images/severe-3.jpg, ["I feel it creeping back up. : I was on meds for about a year and a half, and tapered off in december due to my dr's recommendation. I thought i was doing okay, but this semester has been so rough and I can feel it coming back... but i don't want to deal with constant doctor appointments again.\nI know i should go back, and I know i need to go to therapy but since my last therapist left my school i've been scared to go back and redo everything i'd gone over with her. Not that it matters, since I'm moving at the end of the semester so i'd have to start over another time after that.\ni'm so tired. i just want to be normal."]
0,/images/not-10.jpg, ["Please help? Struggling with depression, motivation, and concentration : Hey everyone,\nI'm really struggling with concentration. I cannot figure out what to do.\nI started taking anti-depressants in October, and felt better for awhile. Until I didn't. But there was no change as for concentration, really. I just felt felt a bit better overall.\nNow, things just feel worse. I've been feeling not great for the past few weeks, and at times I feel pretty numb. Additionally, I have no motivation to do anything, and cannot concentrate when I try to study or even read for fun. My mind wonders so quickly.\nI have a midterm tomorrow that I haven't really started studying for, and assignments due next week that I haven't started working on. But I just feel like I don't care. I'm less than a year away from finishing my degree but my marks have been plummeting and I just can't bring myself to do schoolwork or care about it, really. I feel so bad about it, because it is time and money, and it feels like I'm just wasting this opportunity. I really don't know what to do. \nWould appreciate any help/advice you're willing to offer."]
2,/images/severe-4.jpg, ['Still waiting on my psychiatrist appointment... referral sent in 2018... : That’s right 2018 my doctor sent a referral to a psychiatrist. I got a call yesterday afternoon from the receptionist. She asked how I was and I said not well. She said they didn’t forget about me. I asked is my appointment ready to be set? She said no I’d have to wait a bit longer. Jokingly I asked would it take another 2 years? In a serious tone she said it could be a while... so here I am having to suffer for even longer. I would of rather had her call me to set the appointment not to tell me that it’s gonna be a while! I’ve waited two years to see someone! No wonder people blow their brains out look at these wait times Jesus!']
2,/images/severe-5.jpg, ["I'm losing touch with reality : 26F USA. I think I'm too far gone with my depression. I know I've felt like this before, but there's something in me that's telling me that this time is different. It's torture having to breathe and live each day when I don't see the point in it anymore. The same **** every day, I wake up, go to work, come home, do my thing for a few hours, go to sleep, and repeat. I live paycheck to paycheck and still past due on every bill, I have no friends as of recently that I still see, I still live with my family which is a mess and I often have to care for them. I'm always being talked over and overlooked and ignored.. The things in my life worth fighting for are gone now, except for my 2 cats and 2 dogs, which would be cared for by the rest of my family if something were to happen to me. I love them dearly but I'm getting too tired to keep pouring from an empty glass. I could just slip off the Earth and it wouldn't really make a difference. I'm taking it all in and can't let it out, it's not overflowing but it's drowning me. Nobody can hear me. Please, if you have the time just tell me you can hear me. I know you can't fix my problems, but please please let me know I'm not invisible, because it sure as heck feels like I am.. not just metaphorically, I have been dealing with a bad case of derealization/dissociation the past few months and I'm losing touch with reality."]
2,/images/severe-6.jpg, ['How do you react to the encouragement on the internet? : I hardly ever write, but I often lurk in such subs. I don\'t have depression as a diagnosis, but I have a diagnosed OCD and another disorder, the psychiatrist said it was close to depression and she was considering writing this diagnosis as well.\nAnyway. When you read these things - depressive episodes, etc., on the internet boards, there is always someone who writes things like "you are strong" or "there are people who love you" or "it is going to get better" or some other cheerful nonsense and "good vibes only" (as if I control the fucking vibes and they don\'t come on their own and try to lead me to the nearest bridge).\nPreviously, it could drive me mad, nowadays not so much, but still (yes, yes, it is "someone is wrong on the internet"). What is that supposed to mean? We are anons on the internet. You don\'t know whether that guy is strong or not. You don\'t know whether he has people who love and support him.\nIs it because of the discrepancy between someone\'s dire situation and the "support" that comes in the form of the most blatant, canned cliche?\nI am not a native English speaker and not from an Anglo culture, maybe that\'s why I miss something about it?']
2,/images/severe-7.jpg, ["Oh : I need help and I need it soon. I'm going to the doctor tomorrow to try and get antidepressants since my counselor suggested it and I don't know how to tell my doctor things. It's already hard to tell my counselor ( haven't even told her everything yet). What if I can't do it? What if I don't get the meds and have to stay like this? I hate everything about tomorrow especially having to wake up and live on."]
2,/images/severe-8.jpg, ['My life has been trashing me since about age 15 : I\'m 20 now. I\'m extremely lonely, I struggle with unmedicated Schizoaffective disorder, OCD, panic disorder, and several more completely unhelpful verbal designations. I\'m Gay and incapable of finding a partner either physically or digitally but I want at least some connection VERY badly. I\'ve gotten fired repeatedly because I\'m too "weird" for retail, but that is the ONLY job that exists in the United States now that does not require either a full time schedule or like 4 college degrees and a multitude of skills I don\'t have. I am flunking out of classes because I\'m lonely and depressed as all hell. I have seen tens of therapists and cannot be helped by a single one. It\'s a back and fourth with me and other people, where I am constantly told I need help. THEN, after all of this, I finally decide "ok, I gave it my best and society/life and the world are rejecting my existence, I should just leave this place" I get put in a fucking hospital where someone throws up on me and I hear screaming sounds all night and I\'m not allowed to leave because I\'m so panicked that I don\'t fall asleep, but then they force some powerful drug up my ass and then I have to fight falling asleep because every time I do I hallucinate shit and panic, then they give me medication after medication until I fucking collapse and I feel like shit for days. I will never tell anyone I need mental help again, because every time I do I suffer for it.\nIn my view, these are basic needs and easy to meet. I just want to love someone and have a house. THATS ALL. I used to have dreams but I realized I am not allowed to have dreams. I want a job too, but I am too stupid to hold them. I\'m not a hard person. I\'m not evil. I don\'t know what I did to cause this. I don\'t know why it\'s so fucking hard to do stuff that everyone else just figures out. I can\'t find help, I can\'t find a relationship, I can\'t even fucking find a friend. I can\'t FIND anything. It\'s like you\'re trapped in a room and told to find the key but they forgot to put the fucking key in my room.\nI\'m full of hatred for everything because after a point you can no longer tell yourself "it\'s my fault". Because I feel like it\'s not my fault anymore. This is relentless. This is caused by someone/something else, some other system in place. Like I guess for so many people to be happy in the system one has to suffer and I just got unlucky and ended up at the bottom of this machine.']
2,/images/severe-9.jpg, ['Has anyone successfully come off anti depressants? What was your experience? : I’m tapering down the AD and adderall cuz they just make me numb to everything. I’ve done a slow taper but all of the old depression hit me hard and I’ve had a really hard time getting out of bed these past couple of months. I still have a month to go before I’m completely off the drugs.']
2,/images/severe-10.jpg, ['Another bout of depression, feeling trapped in life : Life went downhill since 13.  Was depressed from the pressure to do well in school and attend a good university. Severely suicidal in my senior year of uni. Now that all these have finally passed (parents still pestered me about grad school &amp; working abroad), there comes the insurmountable challenge of having to work at different jobs that would make me depressed. \nI am fortunate to grow up not having much financial troubles. I am really privileged. My source of depression is mostly from the expectations that people have for me. It is easy to say that "just do yourself and ignore what others say". But it is another thing to grow up worrying that your family would love you less because you did badly on a test. \nMy second job is depressing. I try to not think and feel as much during the work days. But the fact that I have to work over weekends with no OT compensation, at the equivalent of $40k per year in my country\'s currency, depresses me a lot. I can\'t see a future even when I put in so much effort every day. Sometimes I just want to die off during my long commute to work. \nIt\'s Saturday night and I haven\'t started working on the file that I have to deal with. I spent half a day sleeping in, too tired to do anything else. I wanted to pick up violin again (used to play in school orchestra). I listed getting a drawing tablet as my wish for this year because I wanted to go back to drawing again. In reality, I am swept off by the currents of life, pushed in different directions and yet headed no closer to the destination that I want to be at.']
